Most likely to forget a loved one’s birthday?
Most likely to forget an important event?
Most likely to forget people’s names?
Most likely to forget their spouse’s birthday?
Most likely to forget their wallet/purse at a shop?
Most likely to forget their wedding anniversary?
Most likely to forget to shower?
Most likely to forget to wear makeup?
Most likely to forget what they told someone?
Most likely to forget where they parked their car?
Most likely to get punched in the face?
Most likely to get robbed?
Most likely to get shouted at by their parents?
Most likely to get stranded on vacation?
Most likely to get struck by lightning?
Most likely to get stuck in a bathroom stall or on an elevator?
Most likely to get stuck in a swing?
Most likely to get the teacher off-topic?
Most likely to get the whole gang in trouble?
Most likely to get their car keyed?
Most likely to get married first?
Most likely to get married on the moon?
Most likely to get offended by a joke?
Most likely to get on the sex offenders list?
Most likely to get pissed and say something regretful?
Most likely to get pregnant after a one-night stand and keep the baby?
Most likely to get pregnant while on birth control?
Most likely to go a week without a shower?
Most likely to go back to teach at their high school?
Most likely to go bankrupt?
Most likely to go bungee jumping?
Most likely to go crazy at the mall?
Most likely to go fishing?
Most likely to go surfing?
Most likely to go grocery shopping for one thing, and come back with everything else than the one thing?
Most likely to go hiking with strangers?
Most likely to go on a blind date arranged by their mom?
Most likely to go on a hunger strike?
Most likely to go on a picnic date?
Most likely to go on a space mission?
Most likely to go on a World tour?
Most likely to go over the top with a prank?
Most likely to post a topless picture on their social media page?
Most likely to go skinny dipping in winter when it’s snowing?
Most likely to go skinny-dipping in the ocean?
Most likely to go skydiving?
Most likely to go snowboarding?
Most likely to go the longest without eating?
Most likely to go to a party in their pajamas?
Most likely to go to jail for doing something stupid?
Most likely to go off on their own on a night out?
Most likely to own a bar?
Most likely to own a cruise ship?
Most likely to own a gun?
Most likely to own a Lamborghini?
Most likely to own a power bike?
Most likely to own a small business?
Most likely to own a truck?
Most likely to own a weird pet?
Most likely to own a yacht?
Most likely to own a zoo?
Most likely to own an electric car?
Most likely to own the most pets?
Most likely to own a bar?
Most likely to own a beauty salon?
Most likely to own an illegal business?
Most likely to own a beach house?
Most likely to fall asleep during a movie?
Most likely to fall asleep in class?
Most likely to fall asleep in the cinema?
Most likely to fall asleep on a date?
Most likely to fall asleep on the bus and pass their station?
Most likely to fall down the stairs?
Most likely to fall in a shark tank?
Most likely to fall in love with a stripper?
Most likely to fall in love with a werewolf?
Most likely to fall in love with the wrong person?
Most likely to fall in love with their best friend’s boy/girlfriend?
Most likely to fall in love with their teacher in college?
Most likely to fall in the shower?
Most likely to fall off a chair?
Most likely to fall off a tree?
Most likely to fall off the stage at a televised event?
Most likely to fall off the stairs while holding a cake?
Most likely to fall out with a friend over something stupid?
Most likely to be a terrible detective?
Most likely to be a terrible photographer?
Most likely to be a terrible secretary of defense?
Most likely to be a terrible secretary of state?
Most likely to be a terrible UN ambassador?
Most likely to be a terrible vice president?
Most likely to be a horrible actor/actress?
Most likely to be a horrible boss?
Most likely to be a horrible president?
Most likely to be a bad actor?
Most likely to be a bad cop?
Most likely to be a lousy taxi driver?
Most likely to be a horrible boss?
Most likely to be grumpy after a one-night stand?
Most likely to be heartbroken?
Most likely to be pregnant after a one-night stand?
Most likely to be tired of their partner after two weeks?
Most likely to be a bully?
Most likely to be a daydreamer?
Most likely to be a heartbreaker?
Most likely to be afraid of watching horror movies?
Most likely to be afraid to share their opinions in a conversation?
Most likely to be allergic to cats/ dogs?
Most likely to be an Alien?
Most likely to be embarrassed when he/ she is around his/ her crush?
Most likely to be friendly with animals?
Most likely to be sad over an animal’s death?
Most likely to be the Grinch on Christmas?
Most likely to be the teacher’s pet?
Most likely to eat a bug?
Most likely to eat a toenail?
Most likely to eat a whole pizza by themselves under half an hour?
Most likely to eat cat food?
Most likely to eat dog food?
Most likely to eat something gross on a dare?
Most likely to eat something off the ground?
Most likely to eat something alive?
Most likely to eat spaghetti with syrup?
Most likely to eat the highest number of burgers within 10 minutes?
Most likely to eat their birthday cake alone?
Most likely to eat weird food?
Most likely to eat when they’re bored?
Most likely to eat without brushing their teeth?
Most likely to eavesdrop on a conversation?
Most likely to elope with a lover?
Most likely to embarrass themselves at a meet and greet?
Most likely to embarrass themselves in front of their crush?
Most likely to embarrass themselves in public?
Most likely to end the world?
Most likely to end up alone?
Most likely to end up in prison?
Most likely to end up on Broadway?
Most likely to end world hunger?
Most likely to fail a driving test?
Most likely to fail a math test?
Most likely to fail a simple test?
Most likely to faint if they met their favorite celebrity?
Most likely to fake it until they make it?
Most likely to fake their death?
Most likely to develop a habit of biting their fingernails?
Most likely to develop a habit of biting their lips?
Most likely to develop a habit of biting their pen?
Most likely to develop a habit of checking their hair/eyebrows/makeup/nails?
Most likely to develop a habit of cracking their knuckles?
Most likely to develop a habit of not brushing their teeth?
Most likely to develop a habit of obsessively checking their mobile phone?
Most likely to develop a habit of overeating?
Most likely to develop a habit of overspending?
Most likely to develop a habit of picking their hair?
Most likely to develop a habit of saying “umm” and “ahhh”?
Most likely to develop a habit of Shoplifting?
Most likely to develop a habit of skin picking?
Most likely to develop a habit of skipping breakfast?
Most likely to develop a habit of skipping work?
Most likely to develop a habit of snacking?
Most likely to develop a habit of sucking their thumb?
Most likely to develop a habit of talking to themselves?
Most likely to develop a million-dollar app?
Most likely to become a baby again?
Most likely to become a bestselling author?
Most likely to become a billionaire?
Most likely to become a Bollywood star?
Most likely to become a celebrity?
Most likely to become a chess master?
Most likely to become a comedian?
Most likely to become a divorcee?
Most likely to become a doctor?
Most likely to become a drug addict?
Most likely to become a famous actor/actress?
Most likely to become a famous artist?
Most likely to become a farmer?
Most likely to become a firefighter?
Most likely to become a freeloader?
Most likely to become a gambler?
Most likely to become a gigolo?
Most likely to become a gold digger?
Most likely to become a gossip columnist?
Most likely to become a high school teacher?
Most likely to become a magician?
Most likely to become a member of the American Civil Liberties Union?
Most likely to become a member of the NRA?
Most likely to become a millionaire?
Most likely to become a motivational speaker?
Most likely to become a pilot?
Most likely to become a poet?
Most likely to become a police officer?
Most likely to become a politician?
Most likely to become a pop star?
Most likely to become a famous singer?
Most likely to become a priest/nun?
Most likely to become a productivity junkie?
Most likely to become a professional athlete?
Most likely to become a professional gambler?
Most likely to become a psych patient?
Most likely to become a public figure?
Most likely to become a rock star?
Most likely to become a school janitor?
Most likely to become a serial killer?
Most likely to become a sports star?
Most likely to become a successful stand-up comedian?
Most likely to become a stripper?
Most likely to become a stud?
Most likely to become a successful politician?
Most likely to become a supervillain?
Most likely to become a superhero?
Most likely to become a supermodel?
Most likely to become a teacher?
Most likely to become a terrorist?
Most likely to become a travel blogger?
Most likely to become a vegetarian?
Most likely to become a world-famous actor (or actress) one day?
Most likely to become addicted to candy?
Most likely to become addicted to chewing gum?
Most likely to become addicted to chocolate?
Most likely to become addicted to cigarettes?
Most likely to become addicted to clubbing?
Most likely to become addicted to coffee?
Most likely to become addicted to dairy?
Most likely to become addicted to drinking soda/pop?
Most likely to become addicted to drugs?
Most likely to become addicted to eating fast food?
Most likely to become addicted to emotional shopping?
Most likely to become addicted to energy drinks?
Most likely to become addicted to Facebook?
Most likely to become addicted to M&M’s?
Most likely to become addicted to Quora?
Most likely to become addicted to Reddit?
Most likely to become addicted to smoking?
Most likely to become addicted to tea?
Most likely to become addicted to Twitter?
Most likely to become addicted to video games?
Most likely to become addicted to watching reality television?
Most likely to become addicted to YouTube?
Most likely to become an Actor?
Most likely to become an alcoholic?
Most likely to become an animal right activist?
Most likely to become an astronaut?
Most likely to become an atheist?
Most likely to become an environmental advocate?
Most likely to become an evil scientist?
Most likely to become an internet celebrity?
Most likely to become an internet troll?
Most likely to become an undercover agent?
Most likely to become bald-headed?
Most likely to become famous for something stupid?
Most likely to become famous?
Most likely to become the FIFA World Player of the year?
Most likely to become the president?
Most likely to stay at home on Friday night?
Most likely to stay in a toxic relationship?
Most likely to stay in bed all day?
Most likely to stay up all night thinking?
Most likely to stay up late arguing with internet trolls?
Most likely to stay up late playing video games?
Most likely to stay up late sexting with random strangers on the internet?
Most likely to marry first?
Most likely to marry for something other than love?
Most likely to marry someone, their friends and family hate?
Most likely to marry their high school sweetheart?
Most likely to marry a celebrity?
Most likely to marry a closet gay person?
Most likely to marry a foreigner for a Green Card?
Most likely to marry a millionaire?
Most likely to marry a rock star?
Most likely to marry a stranger in Las Vegas?
Most likely to kill a cheating partner?
Most likely to kill a dog and stream it live?
Most likely to kill someone for a pizza?
Most likely to kill their crush’s crush?
Most likely to kill themselves over a heartbreak?
Most likely to kill themselves over a scandal?
Most likely to Kiss & Tell?
Most likely to kiss a frog?
Most likely to kiss a monkey?
Most likely to kiss his/her crush?
Most likely to kiss their best friend?
Most likely to go topless on the beach?
Most likely to grossly exaggerate the truth?
Most likely to hack their ex’s social media account?
Most likely to hate Valentine’s Day?
Most likely to have 1-hour showers?
Most likely to have a borderline-inappropriate authority crush?
Most likely to have a child before marriage?
Most likely to have a crush on a co-worker?
Most likely to have a crush on a teacher?
Most likely to have a crush on an anime character?
Most likely to have a crush on their boss?
Most likely to have a nightmare within the next week?
Most likely to have a disease named after them?
Most likely to have a messy room?
Most likely to have a million followers on social media?
Most likely to have the most cliché tattoo?
Most likely to have the most embarrassing tattoo?
Most likely to have the most hair colors in their lifetime?
Most likely to have the most lovers over the next five-year period?
Most likely to have the highest number of children?
Most likely to have the highest number of Facebook friends?
Most likely to have the most piercings?
Most likely to have the most side hustles?
Most likely to have the most tattoos?
Most likely to have the most terrible cooking skills?
Most likely to have the lowest IQ level?
Most likely to have their home destroyed by a storm?
Most likely to have their nudes leaked?
Most likely to have triplets?
Most likely to have weird phobias?
Most likely to have an interracial marriage?
Most likely to have a kid before 18?
Most likely to have kids in the next five years?
Most likely to have more than 5 kids?
Most likely to have more than two spouses in their lifetime?
Most likely to live for a hundred years?
Most likely to live in a big city?
Most likely to live in a haunted house?
Most likely to live in a jungle?
Most likely to live in Antarctica?
Most likely to live to a hundred years?
Most likely to live with a native tribe?
Most likely to watch a horror movie alone at night?
Most likely to watch a romantic movie with a crush?
Most likely to watch a movie twice with different girls?
Most likely to watch a horror movie alone at night?
Most likely to watch a romantic movie with a crush?
Most likely to open a yoga studio?
Most likely to open an orphanage?
Most likely to open up a luxury restaurant?
Most likely to open a present before the prescribed date?
Most likely to open up their phone in an attempt to fix it?
Most likely to open a Finsta account?
Most likely to snatch someone’s partner?
Most likely to hit on the bereaved at a funeral
Most likely to never be single for more than 3 months?
Most likely to never celebrate their birthday?
Most likely to never fall in love?
Most likely to giveaway “tells” in poker?
Most likely to give up on a fitness goal?
Most likely to give up their seat on the train for an elderly citizen?
Most likely to forgive a cheating partner?
Most likely to make love on a beach?
Most likely to order a pizza within the next 24 hours?
Most likely to order dessert before dinner?
Most likely to help a thief escape?
Most likely to be indecisive with simple decisions?
Most likely to be late for an important event?
Most likely to be a good parent?
Most likely to be a stingy parent?
Most likely to be a strict parent?
Most likely to be a cool dad/mom?
Most likely to remain asleep while the alarm is blaring?
Most likely to remain calm during a storm?
Most likely to remain in the bathroom for 1 hour every day?
Most likely to do something stupid on a night out with their kids?
Most likely to be so awkward around in-laws?
Most likely to break their phone screen?
Most likely to forget to pick the kids from school?
Most likely to fall asleep when watching tv?
Most likely to use the kids as an excuse to get out of a commitment?
Most likely to be the loudest at a game?
Most likely to forget the groceries?
Most likely to buy the same gift more than once?
Most likely to keep items/clothes they haven’t worn or used in years
Most likely to continue using their maiden name?
Most likely to be two hours late to their own event?
Most likely to go to a party just for the food?
Most likely to forget a loved one’s birthday?
Most likely to forget an important event?
Most likely to forget people’s names?
Most likely to forget their spouse’s birthday?
Most likely to forget their wallet/purse at a shop?
Most likely to forget their wedding anniversary?
Most likely to forget to shower?
Most likely to indulge in late-night snacking?
Most likely to accidentally set the house on fire?
Most likely to be expelled from school?
Most likely to be found in the library?
Most likely to be overly critical?
Most likely to be pessimistic about everything?
Most likely to make up a false story?
Most likely to win a fart contest?
Most likely to make a mess when eating?
Most likely to become a vegetarian?
Most likely to eat without leftovers?
Most likely to clean up everybody’s crap without asking
Most likely to stalk a crush?
Most likely to stalk their celebrity crush?
Most likely to stand up to a bully?
Most likely to receive no gifts at Christmas?
Most likely to move back in with their parents?
Most likely to lock their key in the car?
Most likely to lock themselves out of the house?
Most likely to look almost the same years from now?
Most likely to leave and never come back?
Most likely to leave many tabs open on their browser?
Most likely to leave the heat on when they leave the house?
Most likely to have the highest grades in an exam?
Most likely to get a perfect score on the SAT?
Most likely to take everything too literally?
Most likely to take the longest to get ready?
Most likely to take the longest in a store?
Most likely to say something idiotic and embarrassing in public?
Most likely to scare off a burglar?
Most likely to scream at a spider?
Most likely to scream their heads off on a roller coaster?
Most likely to lose their temper over an insignificant issue?
Most likely to call someone for no reason?
Most likely to cancel on their friends?
Most likely to wear mismatched shoes as a fashion statement?
Most likely to wear mismatched shoes by accident?
Most likely to take everything too literally?
Most likely to be melodramatic?
Most likely to stay in bed all day?
Most likely to get caught sneaking out?
Most likely to forget to do the dishes?
Most likely to be grounded?
Most likely to trip off the stairs?
Most likely to sleep off while watching tv?
Most likely to be absent at family functions?
Most likely to fall as asleep during prayers?
Most likely to skip out on church?
Most likely to leave home once they turn 18?
Most likely to skip school?
Most likely to feign an illness?
Most likely to skip meals?
Most likely to be caught telling a lie?
Most likely to miss curfew?
Most likely to snitch on other siblings?
Most likely to help a friend bury a body?
Most likely to act on a crush?
Most likely to attend a concert or music festival?
Most likely to backstab friends?
Most likely to bake a cake for a school trip?
Most likely to bark in public?
Most likely to be a backbiter?
Most likely to gossip?
Most likely to be late for class?
Most likely to be late for graduation?
Most likely to be the first to get drunk on a night out?
Most likely to be the life of the Party?
Most likely to smoke a joint in a public place?
Most likely to smoke next to a no-smoking sign?
Most likely to smudge all their makeup before something important?
Most likely to snitch?
Most likely to sext in class?
Most likely to shave their head for some reason?
Most likely to spend all their money on something stupid?
Most likely to spend Christmas in a bar?
Most likely to spend the entire day playing video games?
Most likely to spend the most money on shoes?
Most likely to spend the most on food?
Most likely to spend the most on makeup?
Most likely to spend the most on shopping?
Most likely to spend the most time on their hair?
Most likely to spend their last penny on clothes?
Most likely to spend too much time online?
Most likely to betray their best friend?
Most likely to betray their team?
Most likely to binge-watch a movie, a night to an important exam?
Most likely to binge-watch an entire season of a TV-show in a day?
Most likely to catch feelings after a one night stand?
Most likely to catfish someone on the internet?
Most likely to be grumpy after a one night stand?
Most likely to be heartbroken?
Most likely to be pregnant after a one-night stand?
Most likely to be tired of their partner after two weeks?
Most likely to wander off on their own on a night out?
Most likely to watch a horror movie alone at night?
Most likely to watch a romantic movie with a crush?
Most likely to stay at home on Friday night?
Most likely to stay in a toxic relationship?
Most likely to get in a fight?
Most likely to get arrested?
Most likely to kiss a waiter?
Most likely to get arrested on vacation by the local police?
Most likely to get arrested for doing a dare?
Most likely to snore the loudest?
Most likely to speak with their mouth full?
Most likely to lie to get out of trouble?
Most likely to lie to say the truth no matter what?
Most likely to break a promise?
Most likely to break a world record?
Most likely to build a giant sandcastle?
Most likely to cry during an argument?
Most likely to cry in a public place?
Most likely to cry over a movie?
Most likely to cry over little things?
Most likely to pick their nose and put it in their mouth?
Most likely to pick their teeth in public?
Most likely to act as a superhero in a Marvel movie?
Most likely to act as a villain in movies?
Most likely to win a pie-eating contest?
Most likely to get shouted at by their parents?
Most likely to eat a bug?
Most likely to eat a toenail?
Most likely to eat a whole pizza by themselves under half an hour?
Most likely to eat cat food?
Most likely to eat dog food?
Most likely to eat something gross on a dare?
Most likely to eat something off the ground?
Most likely to eat spaghetti with syrup?
Most likely to eat the most number of burgers within 10 minutes?
Most likely to eat their birthday cake alone?
Most likely to eat weird food?
Most likely to eat when they’re bored?
Most likely to eat without brushing their teeth?
Most likely to eavesdrop on a conversation?
Most likely to develop a habit of biting their fingernails?
Most likely to develop a habit of biting their lips?
Most likely to develop a habit of biting their pen?
Most likely to become addicted to m&m’s?
Most likely to abandon their room because of spiders?
Most likely to ask for someone else’s food?
Most likely to be a bully?
Most likely to be a daydreamer?
Most likely to be allergic to cats/ dogs?
Most likely to be an Alien?
Most likely to be embarrassed when he/ she is around his/ her crush?
Most likely to be friendly with animals?
Most likely to be sad over an animal’s death?
Most likely to be the Grinch on Christmas?
Most likely to look good in a kilt
Most likely to be the teacher’s pet?
Most likely to watch Baby Looney Tunes?
Most likely to get chased by a dog?
Most likely to get hit by a bike?
Most likely to get hungry in the middle of the night?